one of my biggest biggest weakness is that I've made a valiant effort
on improving however I still have a lot of work to do in that aspect
is Nero I guess you could consider it my time management skills or
basically is taking my work home with me a lot of times you know I'll
be at work here from the morning till the late afternoon and then
I end up taking some of that work home and I'm still working on it at
home late at night my family you know is always wondering why am up
till ten eleven o'clock working on something like did I do that during
the day while I was at work and so it really kind of takes away
from that family time and that's a huge weakness of mine that I have
is just not being able to separate you know my work life style from
my personal and family life and so I've been getting better at that
I've actually made certain lakes stoppers where if I find myself at
home working on something for work and it's now approaching you know
eight or nine o'clock at night and I'm still doing it I I will stop
where I'm at and and discontinue that and pick it up on the next
day as opposed to continuing to work till ten eleven midnight on something
so I'm trying to get better at that but there's definitely a
weakness that I have that I feel I'm making improving steps towards